K (to all):
	Thanks ... 
	Hi everybody! It's great to be here! 
	Today, we're going to present you our mentoring platform.
K (to S):
	Oh, hi Sarah!
	How's everything? 
	How is it going, learning all the company's technologies?
	Do you need any help?
S (to K):
	It's going great, thanks!
	I'm now learning Cloud Computing, I was going through some 
	tutorials, but now I'm a bit stuck.
	Could you maybe help, I have a few questions...
K (to S):
	Oh, sorry, I wish I could, but I haven't worked with
	Cloud Computing that much.
	But why don't you get a mentor?
S (to K):
	Get a mentor?
K (to S): 
	Yeah, get a mentor, on the mentor platform!
	Let me show you, it's really simple, it's just gonna take a minute!

K (0.) 	So this is the platform, it's called MentorMe, 
	and it's really great, everybody in the company is on it, 
	and it's making it really easy to find a mentor, to get 
	help with the technologies that we use internally.
	You don't have to go around, asking for help, I know it can
	be intimidating. Plus you are learning from other people in 
	the company, not just the technologies, but also what they 
	are working on.

K (1.)	So this is your profile page. You see, on MentorMe, you can 
	be both mentor and a mentee.

K (2.) 	Here is the timetable with your availibilities. That's just the
	calendar integrated, that we use normally in the company. 

K (3.) 	Here you can revise your set of skills that you would be 
	able to mentor.

K (1.)	But now you are interested in getting a mentor to help you 
	with Cloud Computing, so let's file a request!

K (4.) 	So here you select the skill you want to learn, so that's
	Cloud Computing... And submit.

K (5.1) Now you got a mentor suggested. 
	Oh cool, that's Zoia!  Do you already know her?

S 	No, we haven't met yet.

K 	Oh, she is really good, but super busy these days!

K 	Based on both your and Zoia's timetable you got some 
	timeslots suggested, so now you pick those that would work 
	for you...

K (5.2)	... Here. Aaand Submit!

K (6.)	Done. Now you just wait for Zoia to accept or reject your 
	request.

	...

K  	Oh hi Zoia! We were just talking about you.
	Sarah's new, I think you haven't met yet.
	She just got you assigned as a mentor on MentorMe.

Z	Hi Sarah, nice to meet you!
	Ok, so let me see you request.

Z (7.) 	Ah, yes, here I see I got a new request.
	So let me check all my events.

Z (8.) 	Right, here is your request, so I just pick the time
	and accept it...
	
Z (9.) 	Done. Now it's scheduled. 
	Bring all your questions! 
	Nice meeting you Sarah! See you around.

(Z leaving)
K&S (to Z) Bye!

K (to S) You see, it's really simple and quick!

S 	Yeah, thanks!
	
K (10.)	I heard there is a bunch of new features comming, but I really 
	like the simplicity of the current version, so I hope they 
	keep it.

K (0.) Anyway, let's go grab coffee, and you'll tell me everything 

	about the project that you are working on.

(K&S leaving the stage)







Notes:
 - picking a mentor: depends on company's decision
	can be somebody with whom the potential mentee has a lot of time
	overlap, or somebody who the mentee might already know - e.g. from 
	the same team, or located nearby.




